---
title: "The Weekly Commit #5"
date: 2021-01-21T23:20:06-05:00
draft: false
---
### The Doing
Debugging my system. Something strange was happening when my python venv were suddenly not finding any installed packages-e.g. gym not found- and when I tried to install them with pip...it failed with the longest and most unhelpful error I've ever seen. So I switch to my main project thinking it's maybe just a problem with the one venv(only switching AFTER I tried to remake the venv, reinstall the package, run the thing etc.) and same thing occurs. Somewhere in the list of failures(my main project has a long list of requirements I tried reinstalling) something says something about brew. Now I have brew on my system but it's only their for hugo and it has nothing to do with Python and has never been present in my projects. So I follow a rabiit hole and than I decide I should update my system and restart and hope it magically fixes the issue. I've had these niggling gcc packages that refuse to update, so since I've had it up to here with them blocking my google chrome update and workflowy(pamac updates alphabetically it seems) I try to resolve them. Which leads me to learn where my configs live(/etc), my logs(/var) live, and where the mysterious config.log file lives (which when you google is significantly harder than you might think to get a straight answer especially since many people include that part of the error message in their Stack Overflow/forum question but not where that file actually is and than every user who comes afer knows where it is and so thus fails to mention it's location like it's trivial. config.log lives in /var/tmp/whatever-program-you-are-running's-name as a result of the ./configure which as best I can *make* out it's a make file that pamac uses and I haven't found where it lives yet, another so-called *given*. So for example I was debugging gcc-8-something-something so here is the path to the config.loge: /var/tmp/pamac-build-ian/gcc8/src/gcc-build.) Which led to some posts that seemed highly specific to the user and also a lot were from 8+ years ago and stuff ain't the same. I knew these were old gcc but pamac literally said it had installed them ~1 year ago as a build dependency so I wanted to at least try to find the solution. In the end I didn't. I blew them away. Nothing broke yet. I think they were a vestigal install of me trying to make certain Steam games compatible on my Linux but we'll see... I'm restarting my computer after this post. 
### The Learning
Been learning a bit about JUnit, due to work. It's implementation is in a naive state so I'm hoping to optimize and build it out. Something of a personal undertaking, mainly cause I'm new and so have lots of free time on my hands still. And while not exactly Java Intensive I need/want to learn more about Java and I still have to work with all these funky OO stuff that I've understood in my head but now have to write out. Python being my main tool means I know the OO stuff but Python isn't that strict on it and you have other options. Java is completely built around classes. Everything is a class. I've seen what people are talking about when they say Java is halfway between Python(everything in Python is an object) and C++(the syntax, the classes).
### The Future
Hopefully my computer works. My python venv work without me having to troubleshoot. They probably won't, so troubleshooting is in my future. Whoot.
